Cymysgwch 6.
Ydych chi'n ymwneud yn y rhan o'r ffordd i'r ffordd i'r Ion Hilffwrdd Caerdydd.
Roi'n bwysig am y dwyll a'r mwm ffwrdd o'r rhann yn y ffordd i chi.
Mae'n credu bod y ffordd i'r ffordd i'r ffordd i'r ffyrdd yma,
a'i gweithio ar ddau a mhob o ddau o bryd.
Mae'r ffordd i'r bwyll yn y stade lles ac y ffyrdd lles yw'r cwmpas ffwrdd ffwrdd ffwrdd ffwrdd yn y ffordd i chi.
Archaeolwgist Cenedlaur Brazyl yn ddweud i ni am y byddai Caerdydd yn y byd.
Caerdydd yn unig iawn oherwydd mae'n ei gwyneb yn y ddau a mwyaf o'r ffordd i'r Ion Hilffwrdd.
Mae'n credu bod y bwyll o bwyll i'r ffyrdd ffwrdd ffwrdd a'r ffyrdd a'r ffyrdd yn y ffyrdd.
Mae'r ffyrdd yn ymwneud yn y Ddau Cymru, mae'n rhaid i ni gael y bwyll a'r bancs a'r ddau.
Y bancs wedi'i gael ffyrdd a'r ffyrdd a chyfrwngu'r arian ar eu bod yn y ddau ar y ffyrdd a'r ffyrdd a'r ffyrdd o'r ffyrdd i'w gael ei ymwneud yn y ddau a gael yr awdurdod.
Yn ystod y caerdydd, mae gennym y cyllid o ddau bwll ac mae hynny'n gwneud y blynyddoedd yn dda yn fwy fwy o ffyrdd.
Rydw i'n dechrau i roi'r ysgolion sy'n eu cyllid, ysgolion ymchwil ym mhob, yn y ffyrdd a'r ffyrdd a'r ddau a'r ffyrdd a'r ffyrdd.
A gwneud ysgolion fwyaf fel y cyllid ym mhob y newydd.
Felly dyna oedd yn rhan o'r 500 neu'r 600 AD.
Felly mae yna stori yn fwysig yna a gallwn ni unrhywbeth yn cymryd y storiad o gael ymchwil ym mhob.
Ffollow the path to the left of the way marker, passing over the ditch and through the rampart.
This is known as the Annex of the Hill Fort.
Once you have entered the small enclosure, walk to the left hand side and you will find the remains of a large round house made of stone in the ground.
When we again use our imagination as I hope we're doing at this very time, maybe it's a sunny day today or maybe it's a windy day or a rainy day.
If it's a rainy day or a windy day, I guess we'd be thinking, oh, it'd be great to shelter under the thatched roof of that super round house within the Hill Fort.
Is it the Chiefs round house? Are you going to have a welcome there?
And that's the scene I would suggest of round houses, some with a straw thatch, some with a reed thatch or a turf roof or a gorse roof, depending on maybe your status or whether the round house is for people or for animals or storage.
Some rectangular buildings as well, some square storage buildings for that grain or the winter foodstuffs.
But something we're always, always forgetting in our imaginations, what would the smells have been like? What would the sounds have been like?
Can you hear the dogs? Can you hear the people shouting, screaming? Can you hear the children?
Can you hear the sentry on duty or just the lookout or the person who is welcoming us as guests saying, hey, open the door, get the cauldron brewing with soup or if it's early in the morning, porridge for us.
And what kind of fire was then? Was the fire always burning in each and every round house where there was a family?
In Wales and many other societies, we have our poetry and traditions that it is unlucky to allow a fire to die.
So the fire was 24 hours giving you warmth, giving you the ability to cook and giving you light in your round house.
Think of the lighter fest day, the darkness at night, the glowing embers of the peat fire, the smell of good cooking perhaps.
Before moving on to audio point seven, you may want to follow the path a little further to enjoy the magnificent views.
You can see the purple hills of the Clwydian range stretching out towards the Irish sea, including Mwylfamau with the remains of the Jubilee Tower on the top.
To access the next audio point, which will guide you safely inside the hillfort from the western entrance, retrace your steps back down the hill to audio point five and you will find audio point seven on the wooden post.